# Face-and-Ill-Detection


''As may be this is a simple, But it is in insprired from what once thougt as pertains to just Sci-Fi Novel,"Tesla",The Self-Driving Car manufacturer is achieving.
And with this musch of a potential we no more needed of doing the chore, rather given to some Entity. We as a "Techno-Humans" we be capable of advancing in creation of less Human form of Techno-Being.''


The motive of object detection is to recognize and locate all known objects in a scene. Preferably in 3D space, recovering pose of objects in 3D is very important for robotic control systems. Imparting intelligence to machines and making robots more and more autonomous and independent has been a sustaining technological dream for the mankind. It is our dream to let the robots take on tedious, boring, or dangerous work so that we can commit our time to more creative tasks. Unfortunately, the intelligent part seems to be still lagging behind. In real life, to achieve this goal, besides hardware development, we need the software that can enable robot the intelligence to do the work and act independently. One of the crucial components regarding this is vision, apart from other types of intelligences such as learning and cognitive thinking. A robot cannot be too intelligent if it cannot see and adapt to a dynamic environment. The searching or recognition process in real time scenario is very difficult. So far, no effective solution has been found for this problem. Despite a lot of research in this area, the methods developed so far are not efficient, require long training time, are not suitable for real time application, and are not scalable to large number of classes. Object detection is relatively simpler if the machine is looking for detecting one particular object. However, recognizing all the objects inherently requires the skill to differentiate one object from the other, though they may be of same type. Such problem is very difficult for machines, if they do not know about the various possibilities of objects.


